[Doc] --agent-env-vars flag for MongoDB (#4839)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/use/commands/pmm-admin.md

            !!! caution ""
                Avoid using special characters like '\', ';' and '$' in the custom password.
        `--agent-env-vars=<env-vars>`

>         : Comma-separated list of environment variables to pass from `pmm-agent` to `mongodb_exporter`. Useful for configurations that require environment-level settings, such as Kerberos credentials. Only variables already set in the `pmm-agent` environment will be passed. *Example*: `--agent-env-vars="KRB5_CLIENT_KTNAME,OTHER_VAR"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        : Comma-separated list of environment variables to pass from `pmm-agent` to `mongodb_exporter`. Useful for configurations that require environment-level settings, such as Kerberos credentials. Only variables already set in the `pmm-agent` environment will be passed. *Example*: `--agent-env-vars="LOG_LEVEL,OTHER_VAR"`.
```

    `pmm-admin add mongodb --username=admin --password=admin_pass --enable-all-collectors --max-collections-limit=0 --stats-collections=db1,db2.col1 mongodb_srv_1 127.0.0.1:27017`

    To pass environment variables to mongodb_exporter:

>     `pmm-admin add mongodb --username=pmm --password=pmm --agent-env-vars="KRB5_CLIENT_KTNAME" --service-name mongodb-kerberos 127.0.0.1:27017`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `pmm-admin add mongodb --username=pmm --password=pmm --agent-env-vars="LOG_LEVEL" --service-name mongodb-kerberos 127.0.0.1:27017`
```
